platform: document default installation files (#188)
bisdn/bisdn.github.io: platform_configuration/default_installer.md

---
title: Default Installer Files
parent: Platform Configuration
nav_order: 3
---

### Default Installer Files

> **WARNING** This page provides a tool to provide default configuration in your switch. Only run this command if you are prepared to lose your configuration!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING** This page documents a mechanism for reinstalling your switch with a default configuration. Only run this command if you are prepared to lose all files in your current BISDN Linux installation.
```
Just a suggestion, but we to make clear that the user is not only losing /etc/systemd/network or other configuration files, but _all_ files. The mechanism ignores system-backup.txt and user-backup.txt. It is more like onie-bisdn-uninstall than onie-bisdn-upgrade.

> **WARNING** This page documents a mechanism for reinstalling your switch with a default configuration. Only run this command if you are prepared to lose all files in your current BISDN Linux installation.

Reviewer 2: The wording is a bit redundant, no need to reference that this is a page.

```suggestion
**WARNING** Setting a default configuration will reset the file system to the initial state. Only use this if you are prepared to lose all modifications of your current BISDN Linux installation.
```

> The `baseboxd` package includes default systemd-networkd configuration files. These files initialize bisdn-linux to provide a default l2 switch forwarding functionality. To configure this, pass the `BISDN_DEFAULT_CONFIG` environment variable in the ONIE environment.

Reviewer 2: That these configuration files come from the baseboxd package is an implementation detail that really doesn't matter for users.

I think this paragraph currently could improve the explanation for why a user would want to use it. E.g. something like

```suggestion
BISDN Linux by default provides no network configuration for the switch ports. To allow a more switch like default configuration, it is possible to use the environment variable `BISDN_DEFAULT_CONFIG` while installing BISDN Linux to provide a default network configuration.
```

```

> BISDN_DEFAULT_CONFIG="simple-l2-bridge" onie-nos-install http://repo.bisdn.de.s3-eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/pub/onie/generic-x86-64/onie-bisdn-generic-x86-64-v5.1.1.bin

Reviewer: You can shorten the hostname to repo.bisdn.de.
Also, given that 5.1.1 does not have this functionality, maybe replace v5.1.1 with [...] or something.
